Add Getting Started section (#449)
gardener/documentation: website/documentation/getting-started/common-pitfalls/_index.md

- Do not set CPU limits (CPU is compressible and throttling is really hard to detect)
- Set memory limits and monitor OOM kills / restarts of workload (typically detectable by container status exit code 137 and corresponding events). This will decrease the likelihood of OOM situations on the node itself. However, for critical workloads it might be better to have uncapped growth and rather risk a node going OOM.

Next, consider if assigning the workload to quality of service class `guaranteed` is needed. Again - this can help or be counterproductive. It is important to be aware of its implications. For more information, see [Pod Quality of Service Classes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-qos/).

Tune `shoot.spec.Kubernetes.kubeReserved` to protect the node (kubelet) in case of a workload pod consuming too much resources. It is very helpful to ensure a high level of stability.

If the usage profile changes over time, the VPA can help a lot to adapt the resource requests / limits automatically.

## Webhooks

### User-Deployed Webhooks in Kubernetes

![](./images/user-webhook.gif)

> By default, any request to the API server will go through a chain of checks. Let's take the example of creating a pod. When the resource is submitted to the API server, it will be checked if the user is authorized to perform this action or if the pod definition is actually valid / allowed. Additionally, there is the defaulting, like injecting the default service account if nothing else is specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, any request to the API server will go through a chain of checks. Let's take the example of creating a pod. 
When the resource is submitted to the API server, it will be checked 
- is the user authorized to perform this action? 
- is the pod definitionactually valid?
- are the specified values allowed?
Additionally, there is the defaulting - like the injection of a the `default` service account's name, if nothing else is specified.
```

> This chain of admission control and mutation can be enhanced by the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This chain of admission control and mutation can be enhanced by the user. Read about [dynamic admission control for more details](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/extensible-admission-controllers/).
```

What can go wrong (i.e., the webhook is not reachable and thus blocking the creation of the pod or any other operation that the webhook is responsible for)?

- VPN / connection issues can happen both on the side of the seed as well as the shoot
- The traffic cannot reach the pod (network issue, pod not available)
- The pod is processing too slow (e.g., because there are too many requests)

### Timeout

![](./images/timeout.png)

Webhooks are a very helpful feature of Kubernetes. However, they can easily be configured to break a shoot cluster. Take the timeout, for example. High timeouts (>15s) can lead to blocking requests of control plane components. That's because most control-plane API calls are made with a client-side timeout of 30s, so if a webhook has `timeoutSeconds=30`, the overall request might still fail as there is overhead in communication with the API server and other potential webhooks.

{{% alert color="info"  title="Recommendation" %}}
Webhooks (esp. mutating) may be called sequentially and thus adding up their individual timeouts. Even if the `faliurePolicy` is ignored, the timeout will stop the request.
{{% /alert %}}

### Recommendations

> ![](./images/webhook-recommendations.png)

Reviewer: I would suggest to drop the picture and add its content to the written text.

Author: The contents of the picture are already included in the written text, from what I can see. I can simply drop the picture and leave the text as is.

Problematic webhooks are reported as part of a shoot's status. In addition to timeouts, it is crucial to exclude the `kube-system` namespace and (potentially non-namespaced) resources that are necessary for the cluster to function properly. Those should not be subject to a user-defined webhook. 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In particular, a webhook should not operate on:
- the `kube-system` namespace
- `Endpoints` or `EndpointSlices`
- `Nodes`
- `PodSecurityPolicies`
- `ClusterRoles`
- `ClusterRoleBindings`
- `CustomResourceDefinitions`
- `ApiServices`
- `CertificateSigningRequests`
- `PriorityClasses`
```

**Example:**

A webhook checks node objects upon creation and has a `failurePolicy: fail`. If the webhook does not answer in time (either due to latency or because there is no pod serving it), new nodes cannot join the cluster.

For more information, see [Shoot Status](https://github.com/gardener/gardener/blob/master/docs/usage/shoot_status.md#constraints).

## Conversion Webhooks

### Who installs a conversion webhook?

![](./images/conversion-webhook-install.png)

> If you have written your own CRD and made a version upgrade, you will also have consciously written & deployed the conversion webhook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have written your own `CustomResourceDefinition` (CRD)  and made a version upgrade, you will also have consciously written & deployed the conversion webhook.
```

However, sometimes, you simply use helm or kustomize to install a (third-party) dependency that contains CRDs as well. Of course, those can contain conversion webhooks as well. As a user of a cluster, please make sure to be aware what you deploy.

### CRD with a Conversion Webhook

![](./images/conversion-webhook-crd.png)

> Conversion webhooks are tricky. Similarly to regular webhooks, they should have a low timeout. However, they cannot be remediated automatically and can cause strange errors. For example, if a webhook is invoked but not available, it can block the garbage collection run by the kube-controller-manager. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conversion webhooks are tricky. Similarly to regular webhooks, they should have a low timeout. However, they cannot be remediated automatically and can cause errors in the control plane. For example, if a webhook is invoked but not available, it can block the garbage collection run by the kube-controller-manager. 
```

> In turn, when deleting deployments, pods will not be deleted automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In turn, when deleting something like a `deployment`, dependent resources like `pods` will not be deleted automatically. 
```
